report on the progress of ophthalmology during the past year .
specialties in medicine .
case of sudden monocular amaurosis .
fracture of the lens of one eye and of the anterior capsules of both eyes from death by violent hanging .
extracts from observations upon anaesthesia of the cornea and radiating fibres of the iris occurring without intra-ocular tension .
sudden monocular amaurosis presenting unusual difficulties in diagnosis .
refraction of a small oblique pencil of diverging rays by a glass plate with plane parallel surfaces .
on the necessity of employing greater accuracy in ascertaining and expressing the degree of acuteness of vision .
a method of operating for divergent squint .
amblyopia produced by osmic acid .
cases of sub-retinal effusion-puncture .
anatomy and physiology of the ciliary muscle in man .
suture of the flap after extraction of cataract .
vascular tumor of iris , probably sarcomatous , with colored plate .
remarks on the use of leaden styles in the treatment of lachrymal obstructions , with description of a new plan for facilitating their introduction .
relative accommodation in strabismus and insufficiency of the recti muscles .
test types and the power of perception .
monocular glaucoma supervening on binocular retinitis hemorrhagica .
a modification of the ophthalmoscope .
a modification of the ophthalmoscope .
an improved eye speculum .
a new form of cataract knife .
a new method of applying pressure to the eye .
a method of dressing eyes after cataract extraction , and other ophthalmic operations requiring rest by exclusion of light .
a question in reference to photographing the interior of the human eye .
apparent movement of muscae .
fracture of the crystalline lens in persons executed by hanging .
a case of simple synchisis .
the inaccuracy introduced into the determination of visual acuteness by disregarding the magnifying or diminishing power of spectacles .
three cases of herpes zoster frontalis seu ophthalmicus .
cases of foreign bodies in the vitreous humor .
foreign body in the eye diagnosticated by limitation of the visual field .
some curious phenomena resulting from reflex nervous action in consequence of traumatic lesion of the eye .
quinine as a local remedy in certain forms of conjunctival and corneal disease .
the channel by which , in cases of neuroretinitis , the exudation proceeds from the brain into the eye .
demonstration of ophthalmoscopic drawings .
the light streak seen in the centre of the retinal vessels with the ophthalmoscope .
ectropium , exophthalmus , extirpation , plastic operation .
on the treatment of strabismus convergens through the accommodation .
remarks on some practical points concerning cataract extraction .
a contribution to the subject of strabismus .
cyst of the iris cured by operation , zinn 's membrane forming its anterior wall .
a case of cyst of the iris .
cyst of the iris .
results of thirteen passavant operations for breaking up attachments of the iris to the capsule of the lens .
report on the progress of ophthalmology .
a case of supposed glioma .
occurring in the clinic of dr. , àt the new york eye and ear infirmary : erskine mason .
rough notes of a case of glio-sarcoma .
tumors of the retina .
a case of retinal glioma , operated on at a very early period , and showing some new and peculiar anatomical conditions .
apparent form of inverted ophthalmoscopic image of optic disk in astigmatism .
a peculiar case of conjunctival and corneal inflammation .
canthoplasty in the treatment of diphtheritic conjunctivitis .
an additional method to determine the degree of ametropia .
an additional method for the determination of astigmatism .
on astigmatism as an active cause of myopia .
an astigmatic glass for cataract patients , with some remarks on the statistics of vision in cataract operations .
an apparatus for testing the perception of color .
modification of jaeger 's ophthalmoscope .
gunshot-wound of the brain , followed by fungus cerebri : hemiopsia .
detachment of retina with laceration at macula .
report on the progress of ophthalmology .
report of passavant operations with and without ether , and also under nitrous oxide .
readjustment of levator muscle of upper lid .
additional note upon the use of atropine in the treatment of incipient strabismus .
paralysis of trigeminus followed by sloughing of cornea .
a case of congenital fissure of the lids .
congenital absence of both eyeballs : two cases .
an apparatus for cutting microscopic sections of eyes .
general syphilitic inflammation of the eye .
halo round macula .
a scheme to aid in recording and examining cases of asthenopia .
on the tables given by loring and knapp to show the displacement of the retina in ametropia .
variety of forms of small pencils of astigmatic rays .
the retina an asymmetrical surface .
tests for the insufficiency of the recti interni muscles .
on the cause of anaesthesia of the cornea and radiating fibres of the iris , without intraocular tension .
report on the progress of ophthalmology for 1867 .
practical observations on extraction of cataracts in adults .
on a color test for astigmatism .
on a new system of tests for the detection and measurement of astigmatism , with an analysis of sixty-four cases of refractive anomalies observed by the aid of this method .
observations in astigmatism .
case of acquired astigmatism .
modification of probes for the lachrymal passages .
on the use of styles of lead in the treatment of disease of the lachrymal sac .
mydriatics in glaucoma : two cases in which the instillation of atropine was directly followed by an outbreak of acute glaucoma .
case of encephaloid tumor springing from the fundus of the eye-ball simulating glaucoma .
report on the progress of ophthalmology for 1865 and 1866 .
relative accommodation .
suture of the wound of cornea after flap extraction-report of forty-four cases .
a cystitome for the modified linear extraction .
inclination of the vertical meridian of the eye-ball for the direction of vision upward and outward .
a point in the physiology of vision .
on a new series of test-letters for determining the acuteness of vision .
retinitis in glycosuria .
a case of herpes zoster ophthalmicus , in a patient nearly eighty years of age , causing fatal prostration .
remarks on the operation for cataract by modified linear extraction-graefe 's method .
enucleation of eye for sympathetic ophthalmia .
remarks upon the principle of the thaumatrope .
skillful interviewing : more than conversation .
capital management : funding strategy among multi-hospital systems .
second quarter : record-high rates continue .
short- and intermediate-term funding in a volatile market .
what 's a hospital feasibility study and who needs it ?
forecasting accuracy : a valuable key to financial feasibility studies for hospitals .
healthcare financial problems are international .
credit worthiness assessment : hospital revenue bonds -- how they 're rated .
charity care -- who will pay ?
forms management trims inventory and costs .
management techniques .
how to participate in career promotion .
managing the 'big three ' and other health hazards .
assertiveness training for hospital supervisors .
space age ailment .
quality in admitting .
police physicians ' handwriting to cut medication errors .
insulating your hospital from asbestos risk .
corporate management model eroding physician influence in hospitals .
medicolegal review : nosocomial infections next target for malpractice suits .
peer group committee tackles physician behavior problems .
physician input in technology acquisition proves invaluable .
mock survey leads to more successful jcah evaluation .
recommendations for control of rubella in hospitals .
the following recommendations for the control of rubella within hospitals have been prepared by members of the american hospital association ( aha ) advisory committee on infections in response to a need to reduce the risk of costly rubella ( three-day or german measles ) infections among hospital patients and personnel .
although this common childhood disease is often thought to be relatively harmless , serious consequences may result from it .
the most important of these consequences are the fetal anomalies that may occur from infection in early pregnancy , especially in the first trimester .
evaluating a hospital quality assurance plan .
the mac program and advisors to the government .
measurement of formulary inclusion costs .
physicians ' perceptions of clinical pharmacy service .
implementation of a modified decentralized drug distribution system with the use of master medication carts .
a decentralized drug distribution system with the use of master medication carts was implemented .
this system was designed so that roving pharmacists could dispense new medication orders quickly and develop a more personal means of nurse-pharmacist interaction for the benefit of better patient care .
the key to the system using roving pharmacists is a master medication cart , a pharmacy dispensing unit on wheels , which travels to each nursing unit .
the pharmacy medication profiles are kept with the cart , and at each nursing unit patient medication profiles are reviewed , new drug orders are filled , missing medications and discrepancies are resolved , and nurse-pharmacist consultations can take place .
there are two roving pharmacists who make simultaneous rounds of all nursing units in the hospital with two similarly stocked master medication carts from 9 a.m .
to 9 p.m. , seven days a week .
all unit dose drawers are filled in the central pharmacy and are exchanged once daily at 2 a.m. by the night pharmacy technician .
each master medication cart carries about 300 different medications , which comprise nearly 95 % of the drug needs of the 340 patients served by the two medication carts .
the pharmacy department has added 1.4 full-time equivalent ( fte ) registered pharmacists and eliminated 2.8 fte pharmacy messengers in implementing the decentralized drug distribution system .
currently , three registered pharmacists per day are assigned to the inpatient unit dose drug distribution system ( two roving pharmacists and one unit dose filling pharmacist ) .
our roving pharmacists play a vital role in improving patient care .
the overwhelming support by the nursing and medical staff represents an attempt by the hospital to continue to provide an optimal health care delivery system .
unreported adverse drug reactions determined by screening physician orders for diphenhydramine .
according to the standards developed by the joint commission on the accreditation of hospitals , all adverse drug reactions should be reported following written procedures .
an adverse drug reaction reporting program is conducted by the department of pharmacy services under the direction of the pharmacy and therapeutics committee .
however , many of the adverse drug reactions that occur go unreported .
the purpose of the study was to determine whether patients can be screened for particular adverse drug reactions by reviewing the charts of patients having medication orders for diphenhydramine .
while 48 % of the patients included in the study had received diphenhydramine for treatment of an allergic reaction to a medication , none of the cases involving these reactions were reported according to the written procedures governing the adverse drug reaction reporting program .
the results of the study indicate that by auditing the prescribing of certain medications one can identify patients having complications due to their drug therapy .
a more comprehensive study program could be developed which would screen for many types of adverse drug reactions and audit all of the drugs used to treat these drug-induced illnesses .
hospital pharmacy practice in the state of kansas .
review of the justification for pharmacy parenteral admixture preparation .
pharmacy-based intravenous admixture programs are still not present in many hospitals today , despite the length of time these programs have been advocated .
this paper reviews the scientific , legal , and administrative basis for pharmacy-based centralized intravenous admixture programs .
key elements in developing admixture programs based on these points are reviewed .
the organization and use of information : contributions of information science , computational linguistics and artificial intelligence .
clinical applications of sociology in health care .
the wichita minor surgery center : perspective of the independent , free-standing surgery center .
can nursing home personnel be taught how to " sell " ?
the role of profit in a reimbursement plan .
air lift to washington .
bouquets from the president .
activity coordinator registration : route signs and recognition .
policy issues : ahca 's views .
staff 's morale .
nutritional assessment and care .
elements of staff development .
on being a smart activity coordinator .
long term care review in iowa : a success story .
our nursing dilemma : " nurses are leaving the profession in great numbers and are heading into more lucrative fields. " .
acha policy paper : patients ' rights .
new zealand 's south island .
a lift for you : working with helicopters .
truth well told : public relations the acadian way .
a permanent cardiac life support center : an economical and efficient way to provide basic and advanced training .
australia 's ems .
nightmare in kansas city .
guest editorial : professional burnout .
a client-centered model of therapeutic intervention .
the psychiatric hospital treatment of alcoholism : a multidisciplinary approach .
microfiche : an answer to a medical records paper problem .
a method of determining production load and size of inventories when demand is variable .
implementation of computer simulation projects in health care .
on asking the right question .
the structured use of music in pastoral psychotherapy .
areawide planning and administration : overcoming conflicting frames of reference .
beyond annual planning in human services : the new situation in aging .
dilemmas of program implementation : california 's pilot multipurpose senior services project .
working in aging services : job satisfaction , regulation , and turnover .
the quest for human services integration as reflected in hew .
child life workers : who are they and what are they doing ?
the survey responses from 152 u.s. and canadian child life programs are presented to describe the backgrounds of child life workers and the services they are currently offering to pediatric patients and their families .
the majority of child life workers tend to be females with training in child development , education , or recreation therapy .
although there is variation between child life programs versus those with other titles , the " core " activities of child life workers tend to be supervising the activity room , preparing patients/families for medical and surgical procedures , and attending interdisciplinary meetings .
the survey findings are used to raise questions for consideration in the further development of the child life profession .
canadian child life/non-medical programs in hospitals .
child life , play therapy , and recreational therapy programs in canadian hospitals were surveyed to determine : ( 1 ) the nature of the programs ( goals and philosophy ) , ( 2 ) the children involved , ( 3 ) the staff resources ( roles and qualifications ) , and ( 4 ) perceived training needs .
results are discussed in terms of pertinent issues relating to the acceptance of the concept of child life and the need for structured educational programs in the field .
