Report on the Progress of Ophthalmology during the past year.
SPECIALTIES IN MEDICINE.
Case of Sudden Monocular Amaurosis.
Fracture of the Lens of one Eye and of the Anterior Capsules of both Eyes from Death by Violent Hanging.
Extracts from Observations upon Anaesthesia of the Cornea and Radiating Fibres of the Iris occurring without Intra-Ocular Tension.
Sudden Monocular Amaurosis presenting Unusual Difficulties in Diagnosis.
Refraction of a Small Oblique Pencil of Diverging Rays by a Glass Plate with plane parallel Surfaces.
On the Necessity of Employing Greater Accuracy in Ascertaining and Expressing the Degree of Acuteness of Vision.
A Method of Operating for Divergent Squint.
Amblyopia produced by Osmic Acid.
Cases of Sub-Retinal Effusion-Puncture.
Anatomy and Physiology of the Ciliary Muscle in Man.
Suture of the Flap after Extraction of Cataract.
Vascular Tumor of Iris, probably Sarcomatous, with Colored Plate.
Remarks on the use of Leaden Styles in the Treatment of Lachrymal Obstructions, with Description of a New Plan for Facilitating their Introduction.
Relative Accommodation in Strabismus and Insufficiency of the Recti Muscles.
Test Types and the Power of Perception.
Monocular Glaucoma supervening on Binocular Retinitis Hemorrhagica.
A Modification of the Ophthalmoscope.
A Modification of the Ophthalmoscope.
An Improved Eye Speculum.
A New Form of Cataract Knife.
A New Method of Applying Pressure to the Eye.
A Method of Dressing Eyes after Cataract Extraction, and other Ophthalmic Operations requiring Rest by Exclusion of Light.
A Question in reference to Photographing the Interior of the Human Eye.
Apparent Movement of Muscae.
Fracture of the Crystalline Lens in Persons Executed by Hanging.
A Case of Simple Synchisis.
The Inaccuracy introduced into the Determination of Visual Acuteness by disregarding the Magnifying or Diminishing Power of Spectacles.
Three Cases of Herpes Zoster Frontalis seu Ophthalmicus.
Cases of Foreign Bodies in the Vitreous Humor.
Foreign Body in the Eye diagnosticated by Limitation of the Visual Field.
Some Curious Phenomena resulting from Reflex Nervous Action in consequence of Traumatic Lesion of the Eye.
Quinine as a Local Remedy in Certain Forms of Conjunctival and Corneal Disease.
The Channel by which, in Cases of Neuroretinitis, the Exudation proceeds from the Brain into the Eye.
Demonstration of Ophthalmoscopic Drawings.
The Light Streak seen in the Centre of the Retinal Vessels with the Ophthalmoscope.
Ectropium, Exophthalmus, Extirpation, Plastic Operation.
On the Treatment of Strabismus Convergens through the Accommodation.
Remarks on some Practical Points concerning Cataract Extraction.
A Contribution to the Subject of Strabismus.
Cyst of the Iris cured by Operation, Zinn's Membrane forming its Anterior Wall.
A Case of Cyst of the Iris.
Cyst of the Iris.
Results of Thirteen Passavant Operations for breaking up Attachments of the Iris to the Capsule of the Lens.
Report on the Progress of Ophthalmology.
A Case of Supposed Glioma.
Occurring in the Clinic of Dr. , àt the New York Eye and Ear Infirmary: Erskine Mason.
Rough Notes of a Case of Glio-Sarcoma.
Tumors of the Retina.
A Case of Retinal Glioma, operated on at a very early period, and showing some New and Peculiar Anatomical Conditions.
Apparent Form of Inverted Ophthalmoscopic Image of Optic Disk in Astigmatism.
A Peculiar Case of Conjunctival and Corneal Inflammation.
Canthoplasty in the Treatment of Diphtheritic Conjunctivitis.
An Additional Method to Determine the Degree of Ametropia.
An Additional Method for the Determination of Astigmatism.
On Astigmatism as an Active Cause of Myopia.
An Astigmatic Glass for Cataract Patients, with some Remarks on the Statistics of Vision in Cataract Operations.
An Apparatus for testing the Perception of Color.
Modification of Jaeger's Ophthalmoscope.
Gunshot-wound of the Brain, followed by Fungus Cerebri: Hemiopsia.
Detachment of Retina with Laceration at Macula.
Report on the Progress of Ophthalmology.
Report of Passavant Operations with and without Ether, and also under Nitrous Oxide.
Readjustment of Levator Muscle of Upper Lid.
Additional Note upon the Use of Atropine in the Treatment of Incipient Strabismus.
Paralysis of Trigeminus followed by Sloughing of Cornea.
A Case of Congenital Fissure of the Lids.
Congenital Absence of both Eyeballs: Two Cases.
An Apparatus for cutting Microscopic Sections of Eyes.
General Syphilitic Inflammation of the Eye.
Halo round Macula.
A Scheme to aid in recording and examining Cases of Asthenopia.
On the Tables given by Loring and Knapp to show the Displacement of the Retina in Ametropia.
Variety of Forms of Small Pencils of Astigmatic Rays.
The Retina an Asymmetrical Surface.
Tests for the Insufficiency of the Recti Interni Muscles.
On the Cause of Anaesthesia of the Cornea and Radiating Fibres of the Iris, without Intraocular Tension.
Report on the Progress of Ophthalmology for 1867.
Practical Observations on Extraction of Cataracts in Adults.
On a Color Test for Astigmatism.
On a New System of Tests for the Detection and Measurement of Astigmatism, with an Analysis of Sixty-four Cases of Refractive Anomalies observed by the Aid of this Method.
Observations in Astigmatism.
Case of Acquired Astigmatism.
Modification of Probes for the Lachrymal Passages.
On the Use of Styles of Lead in the Treatment of Disease of the Lachrymal Sac.
Mydriatics in Glaucoma: Two cases in which the instillation of atropine was directly followed by an outbreak of acute glaucoma.
Case of Encephaloid Tumor springing from the Fundus of the Eye-ball simulating Glaucoma.
Report on the Progress of Ophthalmology for 1865 and 1866.
Relative Accommodation.
Suture of the Wound of Cornea after Flap Extraction-Report of Forty-four Cases.
A Cystitome for the Modified Linear Extraction.
Inclination of the Vertical Meridian of the Eye-ball for the Direction of Vision upward and outward.
A Point in the Physiology of Vision.
On a New Series of Test-Letters for determining the Acuteness of Vision.
Retinitis in Glycosuria.
A Case of Herpes Zoster Ophthalmicus, in a Patient nearly Eighty Years of Age, causing Fatal Prostration.
Remarks on the Operation for Cataract by Modified Linear Extraction-Graefe's Method.
Enucleation of Eye for Sympathetic Ophthalmia.
Remarks upon the Principle of the Thaumatrope.