Skillful interviewing: more than conversation.
Capital management: funding strategy among multi-hospital systems.
Second quarter: record-high rates continue.
Short- and intermediate-term funding in a volatile market.
What's a hospital feasibility study and who needs it?
Forecasting accuracy: a valuable key to financial feasibility studies for hospitals.
Healthcare financial problems are international.
Credit worthiness assessment: hospital revenue bonds--how they're rated.
Charity care--who will pay?
Forms management trims inventory and costs.
Management techniques.
How to participate in career promotion.
Managing the 'big three' and other health hazards.
Assertiveness training for hospital supervisors.
Space age ailment.
Quality in admitting.
Police physicians' handwriting to cut medication errors.
Insulating your hospital from asbestos risk.
Corporate management model eroding physician influence in hospitals.
Medicolegal review: nosocomial infections next target for malpractice suits.
Peer group committee tackles physician behavior problems.
Physician input in technology acquisition proves invaluable.
Mock survey leads to more successful JCAH evaluation.
Recommendations for control of rubella in hospitals.
The following recommendations for the control of rubella within hospitals have been prepared by members of the American Hospital Association (AHA) Advisory Committee on Infections in response to a need to reduce the risk of costly rubella (three-day or German measles) infections among hospital patients and personnel.
Although this common childhood disease is often thought to be relatively harmless, serious consequences may result from it.
The most important of these consequences are the fetal anomalies that may occur from infection in early pregnancy, especially in the first trimester.
Evaluating a hospital quality assurance plan.
The MAC program and advisors to the government.
Measurement of formulary inclusion costs.
Physicians' perceptions of clinical pharmacy service.
Implementation of a modified decentralized drug distribution system with the use of master medication carts.
A decentralized drug distribution system with the use of master medication carts was implemented.
This system was designed so that roving pharmacists could dispense new medication orders quickly and develop a more personal means of nurse-pharmacist interaction for the benefit of better patient care.
The key to the system using roving pharmacists is a master medication cart, a pharmacy dispensing unit on wheels, which travels to each nursing unit.
The pharmacy medication profiles are kept with the cart, and at each nursing unit patient medication profiles are reviewed, new drug orders are filled, missing medications and discrepancies are resolved, and nurse-pharmacist consultations can take place.
There are two roving pharmacists who make simultaneous rounds of all nursing units in the hospital with two similarly stocked master medication carts from 9 A.M.
to 9 P.M., seven days a week.
All unit dose drawers are filled in the central pharmacy and are exchanged once daily at 2 A.M. by the night pharmacy technician.
Each master medication cart carries about 300 different medications, which comprise nearly 95% of the drug needs of the 340 patients served by the two medication carts.
The pharmacy department has added 1.4 Full-Time Equivalent (FTE) registered pharmacists and eliminated 2.8 FTE pharmacy messengers in implementing the decentralized drug distribution system.
Currently, three registered pharmacists per day are assigned to the inpatient unit dose drug distribution system (two roving pharmacists and one unit dose filling pharmacist).
Our roving pharmacists play a vital role in improving patient care.
The overwhelming support by the nursing and medical staff represents an attempt by the hospital to continue to provide an optimal health care delivery system.
Unreported adverse drug reactions determined by screening physician orders for diphenhydramine.
According to the standards developed by the Joint Commission on the Accreditation of Hospitals, all adverse drug reactions should be reported following written procedures.
An Adverse Drug Reaction Reporting Program is conducted by the Department of Pharmacy Services under the direction of the Pharmacy and Therapeutics Committee.
However, many of the adverse drug reactions that occur go unreported.
The purpose of the study was to determine whether patients can be screened for particular adverse drug reactions by reviewing the charts of patients having medication orders for diphenhydramine.
While 48% of the patients included in the study had received diphenhydramine for treatment of an allergic reaction to a medication, none of the cases involving these reactions were reported according to the written procedures governing the Adverse Drug Reaction Reporting Program.
The results of the study indicate that by auditing the prescribing of certain medications one can identify patients having complications due to their drug therapy.
A more comprehensive study program could be developed which would screen for many types of adverse drug reactions and audit all of the drugs used to treat these drug-induced illnesses.
Hospital pharmacy practice in the state of Kansas.
Review of the justification for pharmacy parenteral admixture preparation.
Pharmacy-based intravenous admixture programs are still not present in many hospitals today, despite the length of time these programs have been advocated.
This paper reviews the scientific, legal, and administrative basis for pharmacy-based centralized intravenous admixture programs.
Key elements in developing admixture programs based on these points are reviewed.
The organization and use of information: contributions of information science, computational linguistics and artificial intelligence.
Clinical applications of sociology in health care.
The Wichita Minor Surgery Center: perspective of the independent, free-standing surgery center.
Can nursing home personnel be taught how to "sell"?
The role of profit in a reimbursement plan.
Air lift to Washington.
Bouquets from the President.
Activity coordinator registration: route signs and recognition.
Policy issues: AHCA's views.
Staff's morale.
Nutritional assessment and care.
Elements of staff development.
On being a smart activity coordinator.
Long term care review in Iowa: a success story.
Our nursing dilemma: "nurses are leaving the profession in great numbers and are heading into more lucrative fields.".
ACHA policy paper: patients' rights.
New Zealand's South Island.
A lift for you: working with helicopters.
Truth well told: public relations the Acadian way.
A permanent cardiac life support center: an economical and efficient way to provide basic and advanced training.
Australia's EMS.
Nightmare in Kansas City.
Guest editorial: professional burnout.
A client-centered model of therapeutic intervention.
The psychiatric hospital treatment of alcoholism: a multidisciplinary approach.
Microfiche: an answer to a medical records paper problem.
A method of determining production load and size of inventories when demand is variable.
Implementation of computer simulation projects in health care.
On asking the right question.
The structured use of music in pastoral psychotherapy.
Areawide planning and administration: overcoming conflicting frames of reference.
Beyond annual planning in human services: the new situation in aging.
Dilemmas of program implementation: California's pilot multipurpose senior services project.
Working in aging services: job satisfaction, regulation, and turnover.
The quest for human services integration as reflected in HEW.
Child life workers: who are they and what are they doing?
The survey responses from 152 U.S. and Canadian Child Life Programs are presented to describe the backgrounds of Child Life workers and the services they are currently offering to pediatric patients and their families.
The majority of Child Life workers tend to be females with training in Child Development, Education, or Recreation Therapy.
Although there is variation between Child Life Programs versus those with other titles, the "core" activities of Child Life workers tend to be supervising the activity room, preparing patients/families for medical and surgical procedures, and attending interdisciplinary meetings.
The survey findings are used to raise questions for consideration in the further development of the Child Life profession.
Canadian child life/non-medical programs in hospitals.
Child Life, Play Therapy, and Recreational Therapy Programs in Canadian hospitals were surveyed to determine: (1) the nature of the programs (goals and philosophy), (2) the children involved, (3) the staff resources (roles and qualifications), and (4) perceived training needs.
Results are discussed in terms of pertinent issues relating to the acceptance of the concept of Child Life and the need for structured educational programs in the field.